"The Korean Journal of Medical Education is the official publication of the Korean Society of Medical Education. It aims at development of the medical education by disseminating systematic and scientific research results on educational system, goals, methods, and evaluation in the field of medical health professions. The Korean Journal of Medical Education publishes high quality papers on themes related to health professional education including but not limited to Curriculum planning and development, Communication skills, Student selection, Teaching and learning method, Problem-based learning, Team-based learning, Professionalism, Educational policy, Leadership, Evaluation and assessment, Objective Structured Clinical Examination, Clinical Performance Examination, Evidence based medical education and Interprofessional medical education."

"Mobaflex is a Joint Monitoring System for Post-Operative Orthopedic PatientsOur wearable monitoring system comes in an all-inclusive kit which is leased to the patient for the 90 day at home recovery period for total knee arthroplasty. The comfortable Mobaflex band provides accurate range of motion monitoring to within a 5 degree accuracy, and submits data wirelessly to the Mobaflex app. The Mobaflex app is accessible by patients and providers, and allows for easy communication between patient and treatment team, accurate monitoring of progression, and convenient use from anywhere, at any time."

"Med Q&A is building an alternative to Health Insurance for people who cannot afford the real cost of Healthcare. At medqanda.com, we connect Survivors with all forms of Cancer with each other (as well as with HIV and many other medical and health conditions) and help them Video Conference with each other immediately. IT'S FREE!Med Q&A is composed of 11 major features: 1)Visualization, 2)  EMR Network, 3) 10-Minute Video Conference, 4) Community/Social Network, 5) Marketplace (services and medical devices), 6) Doctor Network, 7) Nurse/Caregiver Network, 8) Disability Employment HQ, 9) Tissue/Organ Donor Network, 10) Support Groups, 11) Video Conference Events and Webinars1) Visualization: Med Q&A Users receive a 3D-like Avatar, which lights up with different colors depending on the health condition they have, which they can control, which they can animate and select poses. Further, they can upload their favorite song & select a 3D background, etc. They can express themselves in a new, unique way.When the user designates his medical data as Anonymous and Public (as opposed to Anonymous and Private), he or she will be able to communicate with everyone else who has the same health condition he or she has, who is also \"Anonymous and Public.\" Similarly, he or she will be able to receive communications from other people who have the same health condition.2) EMR Network: Med Q&A  provides this free-of-charge to individuals, health clinics and underfunded medical centers throughout the country. 3) 10-Minute Video Conference: Med Q&A helps Users (who, in general, do not have health insurance) speak with a doctor face-to-face. 4) Marketplace: Med Q&A healthcare-centric Marketplace focuses on healthcare equipment and medical devices. Each person's profile will already contain whether they are willing to a) donate or b) buy or c) sell or d) lend e) borrow and f) rent  prosthetics, wheelchairs, miscellaneous medical devices, services or tasks, etc.5) Doctor, Nurse/Caregiver and Healthcare Professional Networks: Med Q&A Users can easily make contact with a Healthcare professional. 6) Disability Employment HQ: Disabled persons can upload their resumes and enable potential employers to invite them to a video meeting.7) Tissue/Organ Donor Network: Repository for users who wish to donate tissue (i.e., plasma, platelets, hair, sperm, eggs, etc.) or are seeking tissue donors. 8) Support Groups (Video Conference): Med Q&A provides free (video conference) Support Groups for Survivors of almost every medical and health condition.9) Video Conference Events and Webinars: Med Q&A provides free Webinars for Survivors of almost every medical and health condition. Check our Event Schedule to participate in one right away!"

"Zen Leaf is one of the nations premier cannabis dispensaries, where nature meets medicine. Zen Leaf proudly serves patients and customers in Maryland and Nevada, and is committed to providing a serene and comfortable environment for our patrons. Our team is extensively trained on our vast selection of cannabis products, and will work with you to tailor a custom regime specific to your individual needs. By building unique relationships with everyone who walks in our doors, Zen Leaf is dedicated to providing unmatched customer service with a customer-first approach.Zen Leaf stocks a wide array of products to match our customers varied tastes and preferences, and only offers for sale products which meet our high quality, potency, and safety standards.Use the Zen Leaf app to learn more about our dispensary, browse our current menu of products, review the latest deals and specials, learn how to legally purchase cannabis at one of our stores, and order products for pickup. Additionally, you may use the Zen Leaf app in select markets to order products for delivery right to your door!"

"We support caregivers. We Provide Senior Housing Transition Assistance, Medicaid Applications, VA Benefits Counseling, Companion Care, Home Safety Improvements, In-Home Care, Church Outings, Elder Law Assistance, Senior Real Estate assistance, Meals and Laundry.  Whatever the need, we'll find it for you."

"Updated for the future: 64-bit native code. \"A Best Science App (highest rating: Excellent)--Great interface, easy navigation\" Genetic Engineering & Biotechnology News Dec 2013** NO ADS **Do you (or your students, if you're a teacher) know why the AiDS-causing virus, HIV, is called a retrovirus and how it actually uses the material and machinery of the \"host\" cell it has invaded to reproduce itself? Do you (or they) have a firm idea what the terms \"minus strand, PBS, PPT, and LTR\" mean? What does tRNA have to do with retroviruses, anyway? The simulations of OnScreen Retrovirus use the 3D nucleic acid models of our highly regarded DNA apps to make memorable the crucial steps by which the reverse transcriptase enzyme complex of a retrovirus uses nucleotide building blocks of the host cell to copy the viral genome, initially on a single strand of RNA, to a newly constructed double-stranded DNA molecule, ready to be inserted into the host's DNA as a source of new copies of the virus.The goal of this app is to convey the conceptual details of the viral genome transfer from RNA to DNA without requiring of the user a deep prior knowledge of molecular biology. Since a ball-and-stick model of nucleic acids is used for the simulations, this is not done at the level of atomic detail, but the simulations are never in conflict with the biochemistry.Unlike other simulations you might see on the internet, this app shows how the DNA synthesis is at every stage a three-dimensional double-helix-forming process and that it involves several steps, which include the separation of strands and the relative movement of the strands to allow annealing to each other at complementary sections, the steps being dependent on three separate activities of the reverse transcriptase complex: RNA-dependent DNA synthesis, RNA degradation, and DNA-dependent DNA synthesis. The role of the virus's nucleocapsid protein as enhancer of the annealing of strands is also indicated.Since retrotransposons--which we all have in our DNA!--make use the very same steps to make new copies of their DNA through an intermediate RNA strand before inserting it at another spot in the cell's DNA, the app serves as a simulation of how they work as well. Background material on viruses, nucleic acids, and enzymes, as well as commentary on each new step in the process of copying the single strand of RNA into a double-stranded DNA molecule are at your fingertips in the app. You can run the simulations with automatic pauses at key steps for convenience in reading of the commentary for the steps or straight through, pausing only when desired.Whether for first-time learning, clarification of ideas previously encountered, or review, OnScreen Retrovirus is now at your service."

"Study for your OSCE medical exams on the go with exclusive tutorials and photography not available on any other app.Objective Structured Clinical Examinations (OSCEs) are a necessary part of studying in any medical profession. This app provides a wealth of medical information, based on OSCE scenarios, each of which is exclusively written for osceskills.com by medical professionals, and feature exclusive photography.The OSCE Skills App is an expansion of the osceskills.com website, which is helping thousands of students every day prepare for their medical exams. This app allows you to gain access to all the OSCE Skills e-Learning resources whenever and where-ever you like. No Internet connection is required to view the content and photography once you have downloaded the app from the app store.APP MODULESCardiovascular Medicine Gastrointestinal Medicine Genitourinary Medicine Musculoskeletal Medicine NeurologyObstetrics and Gynaecology Paediatric Medicine Psychiatry Respiratory Medicine Other SkillsAPP FEATURES NO in-app purchases, only pay for the app itself. Free updates for life. Browse all content and photos -without- the internet after initial download. Exclusive content and photography - you will not find this elsewhere."

"This app is for WellSpan Plus and Standard Plan subscribers only. General release to the public is planned for 2018.From home or work, while on vacation, or for your child at college, WellSpan Online Urgent Care is a new option for quick, convenient health care at a time and place of your choosing. Patients with non-emergency symptoms (e.g., sore throat, UTI, earache, pink eye, sinus infection, fever, cough, rash, etc.) now can access on-demand, high-quality care 24/7 using this app via a smartphone or mobile device. Connect with a physician in real time to receive a diagnosis, treatment plan, and prescription as needed. Later, if you or your regular physician need to review notes from your online urgent care visit, you can find them in your MyWellSpan account records. App features:oLive video visits for adults and children (3 months and older)oEvaluation by board-certified physiciansoAbility to reserve place in lineoSecure, encrypted platform"

"LeukoCounter is a differential counter for Leukocytes and Erythroblast.With it, you can perform your count in a dynamically, intuitively and quickly way.You can check the results of the sample right after its completion in an organized way, being able to add a name for your sample and a note to use in the way that suits you the best.It has an automatic calculation of L / mm3 (micro liter / cubic millimeter) of blood per cell type based on the amount inserted for better blood analysis.The sharing option in the Result and Detail of the sample allows you to send results of your samples easily.In Settings you can:- Prevent screen locking for more convenience during counting- Change the maximum amount of Leukocytes to the counts- Enable or remove sounds and vibrations"

"The Pre Reg Master app prepares the country's future pharmacists for the pre-registration exam by granting them access to hundreds of questions and offering detailed explanations that clear out all dilemmas they might have.The app is divided into 5 cards: Clinical, OTC, Law, Miscellaneous and Randomise. The clinical section contains all of the BNFs 16 chapters. Simply select the section you'd like to work on and instantly start checking the level of your knowledge directly from your iPhone. Pre Reg Master app will correct you immediately if you submit a wrong answer and provide you with an explanation. You can monitor your progress in each section because the app displays the number of correctly answered questions for each day of the week. Studying for the pre-registration exam with Pre Reg Master app is like taking a quiz, only the reward is reaching your dream of becoming a registered pharmacist. Learning on the go with Pre Reg Master:- There are more than 400 questions in the app's database- Choose from timed or untimed questions to create a more exam-centred environment - Clinical section of the app contains all 16 BNF chapters- Law section features a strong variety of law-related subjects- Randomise section challenges you to reply to questions from different sections without any particular order- All questions were written by a group of pharmacists from community and hospital, and newly qualified ones too- Detailed explanations are provided for each question- Users can monitor their progress on a daily or weekly basis- The elegantly designed and user-friendly interface makes using the Pre Reg Master app a pure joy- The question database is updated regularly- Customer support is available at all hours - hello@preregmaster.com- The app is compatible with iOS 9.0 or later"

"With 250 practice questions, Upward Mobilitys Certified Nurse-Midwife app will help you prepare for the AMCB CNM certification exam.This app makes the perfect study tool for nurse-midwives working to advance their career with CNM certification, or for those looking for extra practice in preparation for the AMCB Midwife certification exam.Our targeted multiple choice questions include detailed explanations to help reinforce your comprehension of the material. All our questions were written and edited exclusively for Upward Mobility by midwifery experts. Questions cover crucial concepts in midwifery, including:   Primary care  Gynecology  Antepartum care  Intrapartum care  Postpartum care  Newborn care  Professional IssuesThe app also features our exclusive, intuitive UI, including a study mode that lets you learn at your own pace, and a test mode that helps you simulate the exam experience. This app is neither affiliated with nor endorsed by the American Midwifery Certification Board or any other organization.Upward Mobility is an independent test-preparation apps company that creates high quality material that is witty and engaging, perfect for on-the-go students and ambitious professionals. All of our content is developed exclusively for Upward Mobility by writers who are subject matter experts and undergoes a thorough review process. We are a double bottom line company that is committed to education in the developing world. Some of the profits will be used to deploy education via mobile phone in emerging countries to improve their total factor productivity growth. Customer satisfaction is our top priority, and if you have any questions or comments or are unsatisfied with our products in any way, please contact us at info@upwardpro.com and we will do our best to help you."

"RCR JournalsIt just got a whole lot easier to keep up with the most important advances in your field. Clinical Radiology and Clinical Oncology are now available on the RCR Journals app bringing you the convenience of reading your favorite journals from anywhere in the world with just a tap. Now available for iPads and iPhones! Stay ahead with alerts when new issues are available and read Articles in Press throughout the month Experience innovative digital content with the newly introduced Article enhancements; featuring AudioSlides, Virtual Microscope, 3D Radiological Viewer, 3D Neuroimaging Viewer, and more. Get access to the journal content on the app via your institutions IP Enjoy Open Access and Open Archive Content without having to login Accessibility support to assist the visually impaired Interact with figures, tables, and supplementary content Stream multimedia for faster viewing or download for later Take notes, highlight articles and share via email and social media Personalize your experience with My Reading List and save articles for offline readingJournal subscribers: Log in with the same username and password that grants you access to the full journal content on the Clinical Radiology and Clinical Oncology websites. These credentials will allow full access to all content on the app.Minimum requirements: iOS 10About RCR JournalsClinical RadiologyClinical Radiology is an International Journal bringing you original research, editorials and review articles on all aspects of diagnostic imaging, including: Computed tomography Magnetic resonance imaging Ultrasonography Digital radiology Interventional radiology Radiography Nuclear medicine.Papers on radiological protection, quality assurance, audit in radiology and matters relating to radiological training and education are also included. In addition, each issue contains correspondence, book reviews and notices of forthcoming events.Clinical OncologyClinical Oncology is essential reading for all those with an active interest in the treatment of cancer. Its multidisciplinary approach allows readers to keep up-to-date with developments in their own as well as related fields.Each issue is carefully selected to provide a combination of high quality original research, informative editorials and state-of-the-art reviews. The Journal covers all aspects of the clinical management of cancer patients and its authors are drawn from leading international centres.The Journal features papers on all types of malignant disease including pathology, diagnosis and therapy, including radiotherapy, and systemic treatment.iTunes SubscriptionsiTunes Subscriptions to Clinical RadiologyA single issue of the journal for $21.991-year subscription to the journal for $224.99iTunes Subscriptions to Clinical OncologyA single issue of the journal for $21.991-year subscription to the journal for $224.99Payment for all purchases will be charged to your iTunes account upon confirmation of purchase.iTunes Subscribers Auto-Renew FeatureYearly iTunes subscriptions will automatically renew each year unless you cancel. You can cancel at any time and up to 24 hours before your current subscription expires. Your iTunes account will automatically be charged the same price for the renewal within 24 hours prior to the end of the current period unless you change your subscription preferences in your iTunes Account Settings. You can manage your subscriptions through your Account Settings after purchase. No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during the active subscription period.Our privacy policy is here: http://www.elsevier.com/EULA_Apple_apps"

"ASK AN EXPERT: All questions include answers and rationale however if you still need help, Nurse educators is on standby to provide clarification.PREVIEW all the features, upgrade with In-App purchase or Sign-in.BACK-UP to a cloud server and RESTORE to a different device.Prepare for the NCLEX exam Anytime-Anywhere (No network connection required) at your own pace. Download the FREE app, attempt questions and explore all the unique features (In-App purchase required to unlock the full set of questions). APP FEATURES:* Study Mode (Attempt a question, see answer and the rationale)* Create Quiz (Select topic, number of questions - Pause and resume anytime)* Time Mode (Answer as many questions as possible in a set time to improve your speed)* QOD (Attempt a random question everyday)* Stats (View details on topics mastered so you can focus on weak areas)* Bookmarked and Skipped questions feature allows students focus on specific areas* BACK-UP all your stats to a cloud server and RESTORE to a different deviceABOUT: Saunders Q & A Review for the NCLEX-RN ExaminationNCLEX-RN Q&A Review - 7,000 unique test questionsBased on: 7th EditionAuthor: Linda Anne Silvestri, PhD, RN; Angela Silvestri, MSN, RNPublisher: Elsevier Health Sciences CompanyWith more than 7,000 unique test questions that you wont find in Saunders Comprehensive Review for the NCLEX-RN Examination, Saunders Q&A Review for the NCLEX-RN Examination, 6th Edition provides the additional practice you need to prepare for and succeed on the NCLEX-RN exam! To enhance your review, each question includes a test-taking strategy, rationales for correct and incorrect answers, and page references to major nursing textbooks.Written by the most trusted name in NCLEX exam review, Linda Anne Silvestri, this book organizes questions to match the Client Needs and Integrated Processes found in the most recent NCLEX-RN test plan. This review is part of the popular Saunders Pyramid to Success, which has helped more than 1.5 million nurses pass the NCLEX exam! Key Features- Rationales are provided for both correct and incorrect answer options.- A detailed test-taking strategy is included for each question, providing clues for analyzing and selecting the correct answer.- All alternate item question types are represented, including multiple response, prioritizing/ordered response, fill-in-the-blank, illustration/hot spot, chart/exhibit questions, graphic option, and questions incorporating audio and video.- Questions categorized by cognitive level, NCLEX client needs area, integrated process, priority concepts, and clinical content area help you focus on the question types you find most difficult.- A Priority Nursing Tip is included with each question, highlighting need-to-know patient care information.- Page references to Elsevier nursing textbooks direct you to study and remediation material for any question answered incorrectly.- Chapters organized by Client Needs simplify review and reflect the question mix in the NCLEX-RN test plan blueprint.- An 85-question comprehensive exam represents the content and percentages of question types identified in the NCLEX-RN test plan.- Preparation guidance for the NCLEX-RN includes chapters on academic and nonacademic preparation, advice from a recent nursing graduate, and transitional issues for the foreign-educated nurse.- NEW! Content from the latest NCLEX-RN test plan covers the newest topics you could see on the exam.- NEW! Color-coded strategic words in each test-taking strategy refer you to content review and strategy discussions in the Silvestri Comprehensive Review for the NCLEX-RN and Strategies for Test Success products."

"AURiS provides the ability to add heart, lung and bowel sounds to your simulations. Pairing the AURiS app with the AURiS stethoscope makes it ideal for in-situ training.  The simplicity of AURiS provides facilitators with a great tool for training and learners an incredibly realistic platform to learn from. AURiS allows simulation and scenario based education to be delivered quickly, easily and intuitively.AURiS can be used on a manikin and it can be used with standardised patients. Using innovative sensor technology, the student only hears sounds when the AURiS stethoscope is on the patient. AURiS allows the trainer to create, save and edit scenarios making it ideal for use in training and assessment.Teaching Educates by allowing students to see, listen and do <U+2028> Assists students with understanding the different sounds <U+2028> Volume of individual sounds can be adjusted to account for student experience. <U+2028> Makes it easy for faculty to use in the anywhere with minimal setupAssessment  Increases the level of fidelity Works in real time Enhances the OSCE experience 22 Heart Sounds Single S1 S2 (M, Su,B) Split S1 (M, Su,B) Mid-Systolic Click  Mitral Valve Prolapse (M, Su, B) Early Systolic Murmur  Acute Mitral Regurgitation (M, Su, B) Mid Systolic Murmur  Mitral Regurgitation due to CAD (M, Su, B) Late Systolic Murmur  Mitral Regurgitation due to MVP (M, Su, B) Late Systolic Murmur  Classic Mitral Regurgitation or Ventricular Septal Defect when heard along the left sternal border (M, Su, B) S4 Gallop  Left Ventricular Hypertrophy (M, LLD, B) S3 Gallop  Both Normal and Cardiomyopathy (M, LLD, B) Systolic Click with Late Systolic Murmur  Ischaemic Cardiomyopathy with Mitral Regurgitation (M, LLD, B) S4 and Mid Systolic Murmur  Ischaemic Cardiomyopathy (M, LLD, B) S3 and Holosystolic Murmur  Dilated Cardiomyopathy with Mitral Regurgitation (M, LLD, B) Mitral Opening Snap and Diastolic Murmur  Mitral Stenosis (M, LLD, B) S1 S2 (A, Si, B) Systolic Murmur with Absent S2  Severe Aortic Stenosis (A, Si, B) Early Diastolic Murmur  Aortic Regurgitation (A, Si, B) Systolic and Diastolic Murmurs Combined  Aortic Stenosis and Regurgitation (A, Si, B) Single S2  Normal in Elderly (P, Su, D) Split S2 Persistent  Complete RBBB (P, Su, D) Split S2 Transient (P, Su, D) Ejection Systolic Murmur with Transient Splitting S2  Innocent Murmur (P, Su, D) Ejection Systolic Murmur with Persistent Split S2 and Ejection, Systolic Murmur  Arterial Septal Defect (P, Su, D) Ejection Systolic Murmur with Single S2 and Ejection Click  Pulmonary Valve Stenosis (P, Su, D)13 Lung Sounds Bronchial Bronchial Vesicular Crackles A Crackles B Crackles C Grunting Squawk Stridor Tracheal Vesicular Wheezing A Wheezing B Wheezing CBowel Sounds Bowel 1"

"The Clinical Lab Sciences app is designed to aid students in lab science procedures and review.  Students can review general information, materials, calculations, results, and more for disciplines such as Clinical Biochemistry right from their phone.The app features:Information and review for Clinical Lab ProceduresSearch field to narrow the list of proceduresSave procedures as favorites"

"Ever wish you could reduce the paper clutter in your medical practice? well now you can! This app allows patients to update information, take pictures, sign legal documents and much more. Best of all, data and documents can be automatically imported directly into your practice software! Integrates with:DentrixEaglesoftBenefits: - Saves staff time- Greatly speed up the checkin process- Reduces paper usage - Easy for patients to use- Bridges with select practice softwares - Eliminates the need to scan and shred documentsFeatures:- Instant checkin with Drivers Licence- Fully integrated into select EHR Systems- Patients can complete forms, sign documents, take pictures of themselves and their insurance cards completely digitally- Multi Lingual- Use your own custom forms- Gorgeous 3D Animated Built-in Forms- Allows for fast checkin - Full HIPAA compliance- All information, documents, and pictures automatically imported and attached to the patient record with no scanning, shredding or manual importing required."

"With the official Clarks Pharmacy iPhone app, you can order your refill prescriptions from your Apple iPhone. Simply enter your prescription number, first and last name, and phone number - then click the refill button. And to save your personal information for easier use each time you want to refill a prescription, you can create a user profile using a secure login.There is no charge to download the app.Look for future enhancements to the iPhone app for Clarks Pharmacy."

"You can now reach professional doctors anywhere and anytime convenient to you! YesDok is designed for efficiency that will save your time and money for unnecessary doctor visits.Be it for:- Busy individuals looking for highly credible answers to non-life-threatening health problems- Second opinion before and after surgery- Assisting first aid during emergencyYesDok is the right App for you.Download YesDok and rest assured in any situation: at Home, Office, during Road Trip, Studying Abroad and even Overseas travel.Main Features:-24 hour ConsultationYou can connect with our experienced doctors (general practitioner) via your chosen mode: Video Call / Voice Call / Chat.Reliable health solutions will be delivered as YesDok takes the approach of evidence-based medicine.You can ask around health related issues such as:- Allergy- Ankle Sprain- Baby, Kids Vaccination- Back Pain- Cancer Prevention- Cold, Cough, Fever, Flu- Diabetes- Diarrhoea- High & Low Blood Pressure- Heart Disease, Stroke- Pregnancy- Menstruation, Menopause- Mental / Psychological Disorder(Anxiety, Depression, OCD, etc.)- Skin ProblemBasically anything you can think of or curious about!Consultation HistoryIn YesDok, we keep track of your consultation. Our friendly and committed doctors will provide patients with medical summary after every consultation made. So for a follow-up consult, we know exactly who you are :) Medical summary consist of:- Prediagnosis- First Aid- Recommended Medication & TreatmentAfter consultation, the doctor may recommend over-the-counter drugs that you can purchase for first aid, treatment and relieve symptoms before attending the nearest health facility if necessary. Stay still and get your medicine delivered right to your doorstep! Upload dan consult your lab result to end your worries and curiosity about your laboratory examination result within minutes. Additional Feature:- Invite FriendYou can receive Referral Bonus Balance and enjoy free consultation by sharing YesDok App to your family and friends!-GiftYou can also send gift to those whom you care about, and allow them consult in times of need.-Sponsorship Provide sponsorship to your loved ones and rest assured even when you are away from them.  We recommend having a strong and stable network connectivity before requesting consultation."

"The MSF Medical Guidelines app has been developed by Mdecins Sans Frontires (MSF) to improve access to medical guidelines for field workers.The app is easy to find and use, and includes all the latest MSF guidelines and information for medical field workers. Content can be downloaded in high and low quality (for weak data connection) and accessed on mobile at any time. Users will be notified about content updates and the publication of new guidelines.Among other functions, the app allows you to search through the medical guidelines, organize and save relevant content, and share topics with your contacts.Comments on how improve the app or suggestions for additional features are welcome."

"The leading textbook of hospital medicine  completely updated to reflect todays challenges Since its publication in 2012, Principles and Practice of Hospital Medicine, Second Edition has become the fields premier resource. Comprehensive, authoritative, and practical, this landmark text provides a solid grounding in clinical, organizational, and administrative areas central to the practice of hospital medicine.The Second Edition has been completely updated to reflect the evolving practice responsibilities of hospitalists. Examples include value-based medicine, expanded surgical content, bedside clinical reasoning, and a new segment devoted to rehabilitation and skilled nursing care. This edition also features a more accessible and streamlined full-color design enriched by more than 600 illustrations. Each clinical chapter opens with boxed Key Clinical Questions that are addressed in the text and summarized in hundreds of tables.  Case studies demonstrate how to apply this information specifically to the management of hospitalized patients.Representing the expertise of more than two hundred renowned contributors, Principles and Practice of Hospital Medicine, Second Edition is logically divided into six sections: The Specialty of Hospital Medicine and Systems of Care Medical Consultation Rehabilitation and Skilled Nursing Care The Approach to the Patient at the Bedside Diagnostic Testing and Procedures Clinical Conditions in the Inpatient SettingPrinciples and Practice of Hospital Medicine, Second Edition is essential reading for clinicians who strive to optimize inpatient care and sharpen their leadership skills.No Internet connection needed to view the app after it has been downloaded. It is all ready for quick image and information retrieval. This app is optimized for whatever size device you are using, either phone or tablet. This app is easy to navigate, allowing you to browse the contents or search for topics. The search tool shows you suggestions that appear in the text as you type so it is quick and helps with spelling medical terms. It also remembers past search terms so you can go back to a topic or image very easily. You can also create notes and bookmarks separately for chapters and images to enhance your learning. You can also change the text size for easier reading.Check out www.usatinemedia.com to learn more and watch a video demo of this app.This interactive app is based on the full content of Principles And Practice Of Hospital Medicine, Second Edition by McGraw-Hill Education.Editors:Sylvia C. McKean, MD, SFHM, FACPDeputy Editor for Editorial Projects, UpToDateFormerly:Leave of absence:Associate Professor of Medicine,Harvard Medical SchoolHospitalistBrigham and Women's HospitalBoston, MassachusettsJohn J. Ross, MD, CM, FIDSAAssistant Professor of MedicineHarvard Medical SchoolHospitalist ServiceBrigham and Women's HospitalBoston, MassachusettsDaniel D. Dressler, MD, MSc, SFHM, FACPProfessor of MedicineDirector, Internal Medicine Teaching ServicesEmory University HospitalAssociate Program DirectorJ. Willis Hurst Internal Medicine Residency ProgramCo-Director, Semmelweis SocietyEmory University School of MedicineAtlanta, GeorgiaDanielle B. Scheurer, MD, MSCR, SFHMChief Quality Officer and HospitalistAssociate Professor of MedicineMedical University of South CarolinaCharleston, South CarolinaDisclaimer: This app is intended for the education of healthcare professionals and not as a diagnostic and treatment reference for the general population. Developed by Usatine Media, LLC Richard P. Usatine, MD, Co-President, Professor of Family & Community Medicine, Professor of Dermatology and Cutaneous Surgery, University of Texas Health Science Center San Antonio Peter Erickson, Co-President, Lead Software Developer"

"The OneViewX Data Manager App is a complete library of all the procedures stored in your OneViewX Cloud, available on smartphone and tablet. It allows you to consult everywhere all the procedures stored in your account.You can display all the most interesting data of the selected procedure (date, type of procedure, center, operator,..) and reproduce all the video of the main phases of the intervention."

"Want an easy-to-use app that allows you to manage their entire family's prescriptions? You've come to the right place.Order refills, set medication reminders, find pharmacy location information, and more.Create a secure account and always have your medication list ready."

"The Ortholutions APP is a mobile, versatile application with which you can collect patient data and prepare 3D scans and photos.It is now possible to create patient profiles and request individual projects with Ortholutions. Data transfer occurs via a secure connection.Create scans with the aid of the Structure Sensor easily and straightforward via the intuitive interface of the Ortholutions APP.With the versatile APP you can scan the human body or specific orthopedic objects. The transferred data can be used for all fields of application.- The Ortholutions App is optimized for the Structure Sensor- Continually optimize your scanning technology  - Transfer patient data, photos and 3D scans directly to Ortholutions for service fabrication - Take advantage of the versatile archiving of your data on the secure Ortholutions databaseThe Ortholutions APP combined with the Structure Sensor is particularly suitable for scanning:- Soles - Feet- Legs- Arms- Trunks- Heads- Specific positive models - Seating shells - Horizontal-positioning shells - Footprints - InsolesAnd much more The exact product will be created for you after the secure upload to Ortholutions."

"DrugIQ, DrugIQ Lite, and DrugFlash are now FREE apps. After picking up DrugFlash, check out DrugIQ, an app that displays drug information, and tests a user on their pronunciation of drug names through the use of voice recognition software.   If you have suggestions on how to improve DrugFlash, please send us an email, don't post a nasty review.DrugFlash is a Flash Card application for medical, pharmacy, and nursing students or anyone in the medical field who wants to study and test their knowledge of 800+ common generic drugs and what conditions they are prescribed to treat.DrugFlash works without accessing the Internet so you can use the flash cards anywhere on your iPhone or iPod Touch.Features:-       Indications screen: guess which generic drugs are prescribed for a specific condition-       Drugs screen: guess what a generic drug is used to treat-       Quiz: guess which generic drug is prescribed for a specific condition and pick the correct answer out of 6 choices. Scores are tracked in the Scores screen.-       Plus: Professional audio recordings of each drug name!-       And, web links offer drug information from up to 6 non-commercial web sources: NCBI, Wikipedia, Drugwatch, MedLinePlus, DailyMNed and FDA Med Watch. (Requires Internet)."

"Mosbys Review for NCLEX-RN Exam Prep App 2017 with 2800+ questions including 5 practice exams will help you to pass NCLEX-RN exam.App is designed to assess your knowledge and concepts learned and begin to prepare standardized testing with NCLEX-RN certification exam style questions. Multiple choice and alternate item questions are written at the app level to help develop and assess your critical thinking skills. Every question includes correct answers and detailed rationale to enforce understanding of key concepts.Features List:  A total of 2800+ review questions. Detailed rationales for each answer to enforce understanding of key concepts. Covers everything you need to study to pass NCLEX-RN exams. 5 practice exams feature the same format and content that emphasizes the NCLEX-RN exam. The total number of 265 questions in each test reflects the maximum number of questions that a student can take on the NCLEX-RN. Realistic test taking experience. Up-to-date review includes Medical-Surgical, Mental Health/Psychiatric, Childbearing and Women's Health, and Child Health Nursing chapters incorporate information from the basic sciences, nutrition, pharmacology, acute and long-term care, and physical and emotional nursing care. Study progress can be tracked and resumed as you progress on preparation. Bookmark feature enables you to mark your favorite questions. Suports questions with high resolution images. Images can be zoomed in/out. Access Anywhere, No need of internet.Please contact us if you have any questions, suggestions, or comments  support@gentoolabs.com"

"Diseases dictionary is a hand book more like a Medical dictionary for emergency lookup on disease names to assist individuals and to Physicians. Diseases Dictionary is a leading medical word dictionary used by health care professionals today in this modern technology world.Main Features:1. Offline  It wok offline, no active internet connection is required;2. Detailed description of all major medical conditions and diseases: - definition;- symptoms;- causes;- risk factors;- complications;- preparing for your appointment;- tests and diagnosis;- treatments and drugs;- lifestyle and home remedies3. Equipped with quick dynamic search function  The dictionary will start searching for the words while you type.4. Easy way to share with your friends.5. Bookmark  you are able to bookmark the Disease Terms to your  list6. Managing Bookmark Lists  you are able edit your bookmark lists or clear them.DISCLAIMER:This app cannot and should not replace a pharmacist or a doctor consultation. App content is only for pocket reference & educational purposes. Consult a doctor before actual usage of any of the information in this app."

"Whether youre a doctor, a nurse or other healthcare professional, Drug Database is a robust, reliable and effective medication decision support solution. Drug Database (formerly FDB MedKnowledge and NDDF Plus) is the most widely used, integrated drug database in the United States and Canada. Drug Database delivers the power of drug knowledge right in your handswhen and where you need it. It seamlessly integrates within healthcare information systems that serve hospitals, long-term care facilities, physician practices, home health agencies, health plans, pharmacy benefit managers, retail pharmacies, web and mobile applications and more. Drug Database's drug knowledge is constantly enhanced to reflect the industrys changing needs so that you have the most intuitive, targeted and actionable drug information available.Make more precise medication-related decisions to improve patient safety and Healthcare outcomes. Download Drug Database today!SUBSCRIPTION PRICING AND TERMSDrug Database 2017 offers three auto-renewing subscription options:- Per month - For 6 months - For 12 months (1 year) These prices are for United States customers. Pricing in other countries may vary and actual charges may be converted to your local currency depending on the country of residence.Your Drug Database 2017 subscription will automatically renew at the end of each term and your credit card will be charged through your iTunes account. You can turn off auto-renew at any time from your iTunes account settings but refunds will not be provided for any unused portion of the term.Read more about privacy policy here: http://hltcorp.com/PrivacyQuestions? Concerns? Suggestions? Call us at (319) 246-5271."

"Cirrius Wireless Enterprise Platform (CWEP) is a software application used to monitor sales force operations and enable them to prepare for doctor calls, detail products to doctors and report activities on their mobile devices from the field anytime anywhere. This Platform empowers the rep with information on fingertips before, during and after the doctor call. It enables the rep to report call by call by using his waiting time in the clinic. Managers can access real-time data to take informed tactical and strategic decisions.The new version includes the correction in the link from where the data for every module is to be downloaded.Initially user will be presented with the configuration screen, on hitting the configure button, an Http request is made to our server for authentication of the user. Then user gets an alert that it will take 30 - 45 minutes to configure and on clicking OK, the data downloading will begin for all modules.Once the user configures successfully, he will be allowed to login and then he will have access to the various modules of the app.Note:Phyzii Mobile enables medical reps to digitally detail medical content to physicians and manage all other activities to improve effectiveness and productivity."

"LabGear is the most advanced pocket tool for Medical Laboratory tests with peer reviewed content for all health care professionals - students, physicians, nurses and is now with iCloud sync. Comprehensive library of medical lab tests with differential diagnosis, related symptoms Fishbones schematics for Preset testing panels Systems: Hematology (Blood Tests), Hormones, Cardiovascular, Pulmonary, Gastrointestinal, Nephrology, Tumor Markers, Pregnancy, Immunology Chemistry Panels: Basic Metabolic Panel, Comprehensive Metabolic Panel, Complete blood Picture, Arterial Blood Gases, Liver Panel, Lipid Profile, Coagulation Profile, Diabetic Profile, Urinalysis Based On Testing source/specimen- Urine Sample- Cerebrospinal Fluid- Amniotic Fluid- Other Body fluids Based on Lab Type:- Electrolytes & Metabolites- Enzymes- Lipids- All Proteins- White Blood Cells- References citations with links to PubMed- Intuitive User Interface:- Quick Jumps via Tag buttons showing you Lab abbreviation- Quick Switch between Conventional (US) Units or SI Units. - Tapping Reference Range in Lab detail reveals both US/SI value- NOTES: Add your own Notes to specific lab tests- MedCalc Linkage (LabGear is linked with MedCalc app). Jump from Serum Sodium to Sodium Infusion rate calculation in MedCalc app- RANDOM Lab refreshes for Leisure LearningAvailable via In-App Purchase----------------------------Lab  Reports Have -  Brief Laboratory Test Description-  Conditions with High referrence range (if applicable)-  Conditions with Low range                      (if applicable)-  Reference Range with US / SI Units-  Presentation / Symptoms / Signs-  Wiki Links (For more information) *-  External search webresults *- Intelligent Universal SearchSearch either tags like 'Glu', 'AST', 'Ca', 'Na', 'K+' are fully searchable and bring up all related lab results.Scroll while you search. DISCLAIMER: The information provided in this application is strictly for educational purposes only and  is not intended or implied to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Please use this application only if you accept the disclaimer within the application. Consult with a recognized medical professional before making decisions based on information included in this application*NOTE: Active Internet Connection is required either in the form of Wifi or cellular data plan (3G/EDGE/Etc.) to access Wiki/External pages.please send your suggestions to support [ a t ] smartddx [dot] comstay tuned to twitter.com/MedicalGear"

"YouCallMD is a comprehensive medical answering service with workflows that fully automate communications or have communications tracked and followed up on by a live patient communication specialist. YouCallMD has you covered with a HIPAA compliant application for iPhone and iPad. Our COMS (Cognitive On-call Messaging System) technology is fully integrated with the YouCallMD scheduling system and can be customized to fit your practice workflows. YouCallMD clients are Acute / Post Acute / SNF facilities, as well as Hospitalist groups, Specialty groups, and PCPs. We excel over our competition by integrating the networks of facilities and physicians to streamline, secure, and expedite patient care communications. For more information regarding YouCallMD services, please contact info@youcalmd.com or toll free: (800) 909-9263."

"Using SentactMobile, hospitals and healthcare organizations can improve quality, improve safety, and improve the patient experience.  The functionality in SentactMobile is designed to work in conjunction with our SentactRounding and SentactOnDemand applications. While in the field, staff can complete rounds more efficiently, as well as identify and perform corrective actions.   Our OnDemand features allow users to view and update request tickets in real-time improving processes and productivity."

"UMC Victoria Hospital is an integrated healthcare delivery provider in Uganda providing high quality medical and nursing services across a wide range of specialties."

"This tool is a service for pharmaceutical companies wishing to monitor their field force or medical representatives visits and transactions to their HCPs. MedReps input their activities in an online manner or offline manner: customised iOS app with their credentials."

"Rohit Krishna  Doctor App:  Build your personalized physician iPhone App.Doctor App Improves:  Marketing & Branding, Patient Education/Communication and Practice EfficiencyTell Your Patients in Your Office or on Your Marketing Commercials: Download Me/Us on iTunesHow cool is that?  We make it happen!  Contact us:  company@cloudninedevelopment.comWe Build Doctor App or Your Practice App in DaysCloud Nine Development, LLCSmartphones and Web ApplicationsShould I have an App?Are Apps the next Web?  Undoubtedly the answer is Yes. You could and should be the first in your specialty in your area to have an App for your patients and referring physicians.Your Doctor App could be your personalized iPhone application that could be downloaded by your patients from iTunes.com for Free.  They will be able to find you on the iTunes App store by the name you choose (e.g. your name or practice name).  Doctor App has various features from office hours, GPS enabled directions to office locations, contact information to patient education material.  Doctor App could inform your patients about current events and services offered at your practice.  Patients could contact your office for medical records, medication refills, or ask a technician a question right from your application on their phone.  Patients or your referring physicians could request an appointment with you right from the phone through the Doctor App.  By uploading relevant patient education material, a specialist could have their referring doctors use your application for patient education material and then refer patients to you. Here are some of the reasons why a Doctor App would be beneficial compared to a website:User Interface customized to mobile phones and superior to web layout.Ability of user/patients/public to have improved, increased access to their physicians.Increased ability of the physician to reach out to their patients using a current news type function that will update each users application in real time.Potential to reduce costs and save time.  Users can contact/make requests of clinic/hospital staff without a phone call or in person contact.Easy accessibility to physicians offices through GPS enabled map functions on the smartphoneAbility of users to be able to have immediate access to a phone directory and synced callingPatients do not need to remember doctors or nurses names to navigate web and websitePersonalized patient education material that can we emailed or hosted on the application, with similarly personalized patient education videos. The videos can be present on the app and referring physicians can have the patient look at it before they come to see the specialist.We believe Doctor App has the potential to improve practice marketing and branding, patient education and communication, and personal and practice efficiency. Cloud Nine Development, LLC (www.cloudninedevelopment.com) is a company managed by physicians and they have developed the Doctor App.  Our first product is the Eye Handbook (www.eyehandbook.com), an iPhone application available on Apples iTunes store (www.iTunes.com).  For further information or to give your thoughts about Doctor App please feel free to contact us at company@cloudninedevelopment.com or visit the companys website at www.cloudninedevelopment.com (Fax: 1-888-602-5946)."

"Take control of your hay fever this summer. Using the Hay Fever Relief app, you can enter your symptoms and get expert and ongoing treatment plans for your symptoms from allergy specialist, Dr. Paul Carson.Get live pollen updates for your location in the UK & Ireland. We will send you push notifications with the pollen count in your area.Use our shop to purchase hay fever products that will help you tackle your pollen allergy symptoms this summer.The information in this app is based on Dr. Paul Carsons 30+ years of dealing with hay fever and allergy patients. He has published many popular self-help books on allergies and hay fever.The hay fever advice given includes the following solutions: Hay fever tablets, hay fever medication and hay fever remedies.******************************************The information in this app is not intended as a substitute for consultation with your healthcare advisor. Use the app as a guide, not the definitive explanation and treatment of your discomfort.******************************************"

"HeadCheck is concussion management software that improves the concussion care process.Our mobile app can be used to document suspected concussions, run concussion assessments, and create a detailed concussion history for every athlete. It allows qualified medical professionals to conduct the concussion testing required by their concussion policy and incorporates todays gold standard methods for concussion assessment. The app allows for testing to be done on the sideline and features comparable data for more informed decision making. Non-medical professionals can use HeadCheck to document suspected concussions at the time of the event and transfer the information with the athlete to a medical professional for an assessment.Having a mobile device with all the information at their fingertips of every one of our athletes is an invaluable tool. Our therapists are going to be able to track these athletes from the time they come into the provincial program until they leave. - Paul Connelly, Rugby Ontario High Performance ManagerYour HeadCheck login information can also be used to access an enhanced web dashboard for monitoring concussion policy adherence, managing athlete data, and reviewing testing activity.HeadCheck meets top line Health Privacy requirements in Canada and the United States (PIPEDA & HIPAA) guaranteeing your data remains private and secure. Test information can be securely shared with health care professionals by encrypted email through the app.Overall, this software has helped raise the level of care provided to our players by providing useful tools and tests needed to assess and treat our athletes.\" Dan McDowell, Athletic Trainer for Penticton VeesHeadCheck includes: Glasgow Coma Scale, Eye Movement Input, Maddocks Score, Cervical Spine Evaluation, Symptoms Evaluation, Cognitive Assessment, Neurological Exam, Balance Test and Vestibular-Ocular Motor Screening.Note: Using HeadCheck should not be used as a substitute for clinical judgment and should not be used solely to make or exclude the diagnosis of concussion in absence of clinical judgment. Return-to-play should always be determined by a qualified medical professional, as an athlete may have a concussion even if scores present as normal."

"Dynamic Path presents our CPC Medical Coding exam prep app, newly updated for the ICD-10 system. Our exclusive study app is designed to help you prepare for the Certified Professional Coder exam offered by the AAPC.Our medical coding exam prep app is designed to cover the need-to-know information for aspiring medical coders. Our targeted multiple-choice questions and clear and detailed explanations are all written exclusively for us by expert writers who are certified medical coders.Our app contains 600+ simulated exam questions with detailed, helpful explanations for every section covered on the exam: 10,000 Series CPT 20,000 Series CPT 30,000 Series CPT 40,000 Series CPT 50,000 Series CPT 60,000 Series CPT Anesthesia Coding Guidelines Compliance and Regulatory Issues Evaluation and Management HCPCS Level II ICD-10-CM Volumes 1 and 2 Laboratory and Pathology Medicine RadiologyThe app also features our exclusive, intuitive UI, with three different modes: Study Mode: Study at your own pace Test Mode: Set your own question and time constraints to simulate the exam experience Review Mode: Review your answers in both question-by-question and aggregate formatDynamic Path is an independent test-prep company that creates high-quality material at low cost, perfect for on-the-go students and ambitious professionals. All our content is developed exclusively for Dynamic Path by writers who are subject matter experts. We are a double bottom line company that is committed to education in the developing world. Customer satisfaction is our top priority, and if you have any questions or comments or are unsatisfied with our products in any way, please contact us at support@dynamicpath.com and we will do our best to help you. We are neither affiliated with nor endorsed by the AAPC or any other organization."

"Patients Drug Guide - When Patients fully understand what's expected of them, they are more likely to get the desired results from their drug therapy. Download the FREE app and view selected topics - Approximately 10% of the content is viewable in the free app and tapping on the locked topic will launch the in-app purchase screen.ABOUT: AHFS Patient Drug InformationProvides mobile healthcare practitioners with the latest in trusted clinical information for more accurate, confident and informed decision-making at point-of-care.FULL DESCRIPTION:Patients need up-to-date information on proper drug usage. When Patients fully understand what's expected of them, they are more likely to get the desired results from their drug therapy. FamilyRx: AHFS Patient Drug Information gives you a single source for providing important information and instructions for patients on dosing, precautions, possible side effects and interactions, and more. FamilyRx: AHFS Patient Drug Information is updated quarterly and includes home infusion and cancer chemotherapy monographs. Family Rx: AHFS Patient Drug Information contains over 875 drug monographs and includes new and updated black box warnings. Physicians can:- Build trust with patients by providing useful, understandable information on their medications.- Improve communication and patient compliance.- Empower patients to be more active and involved in their treatment.- New and updated drug information includes:- Pepcid- Flonase- Paxil- RemicadeWith FamilyRx: AHFS Patient Drug Information, positive outcomes are achieved because patients understand the benefits and potential dangers of their medications. With Skyscape's patented smARTlink technology, FamilyRx can easily cross-index with other titles from Skyscape to provide a powerful and integrated source of clinical information that you can carry with you anytime and anywhere!Publisher: American Society of Health-System Pharmacists, Inc.ISBN-13: 978-1585282951SPECIAL FEATURES:Locate a disease, symptom or medication in the fastest possible manner:- Use \"Spotlight Search\" from Home screen- Tap and Hold launch icon to open Last Topic, History, Favorites ..- Navigate using multiple indices- History to open frequently visited pages- Bookmarks NEVER FORGET ANYTHING:Mark topics with relevant information:- Rich-text notes - Voice memos- Annotations with scribble, doodle or textYou choose the method to note this regardless of the context you are in to ensure that the important facts are available whenever you access the topic, whether it is tomorrow or six months from now."

"Re Complete application is designed to help you simplify your compliance and adherence journey while taking your oral specialty medication in many ways, all gather in one simple applicationThis application is only available by patient registration through your pharmacy provider in case they are in contract network with this toolFor further question, concerns or feedback, please send us an email directly on info@trstle.com"

"ClinicalKey is a clinical search engine from Elsevier, a world-leading provider of scientific, technical and medical information products and services. When every second counts, ClinicalKey knows what clinicians need: fast answers built on trusted evidence. ClinicalKey helps clinicians rapidly access evidence-based, peer reviewed information to improve speed to accurate diagnosis and treatment, with the goal of improving patient outcomes and lowering the high cost of care. Its features have been designed utilizing extensive research on the search behaviors and content preferences of doctors.ClinicalKey is clinicians single source for trusted content covering more than 30 medical and surgical specialties. Content is indexed daily and continues to grow as new resources are published, ensuring that every decision clinicians make is based on the most current evidence. ClinicalKeys Smart Search technology understands specific questions and pulls the most clinically relevant results from more than 1,000 reference books, 600 journals, 2,900 drug monographs, 17,000+ videos and more. Clinicians can always be sure they are applying the right evidence for each unique patient scenario.ClinicalKey App for iOS Features:Persistent loginIntuitive search with auto-suggestAbility to bookmark and save itemsAccess to full-text books, full-text journals, guidelines, multimedia and moreTo get started with ClinicalKey1. Download the free ClinicalKey App2. Sign in securely using your ClinicalKey or Institution account"

"Ace your ATI* TEAS exam with this best selling app. Review 1,300+ practice questions, quizzes, and tests anytime, anywhereno internet connection required! With ATI TEAS (Test of Essential Academic Skills) Mastery, you can study with practice questions at lunch, between classes or while waiting in line. This app uses proven test-taking and study strategies so that youll feel confident and ready to go when test time arrives.Begin your nursing school journey and download ATI TEAS Mastery!Our Full Version includes: 1,300+ ATI exam-like practice questions with explanations and images 40+ quiz questions organized by category 400+ vocab flashcards Proven test-taking and study strategies to raise your score Immediate feedback to track your overall progress In-depth statistics that display your strengths and weaknessesIf you are about to take the ATI TEAS Exam, you will love this app.Get access to all questions when you subscribe: TEAS Mastery - 1 Month: one auto-renewing payment of $9.99 each month TEAS Mastery - 3 Month: one auto-renewing payment of $23.99 every three months TEAS Mastery - 12 Months: one auto-renewing payment of $59.99 each yearTEAS Mastery offers three auto-renewing subscription options to help you pass your exam.-Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase-Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period-Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal-Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Settings after purchase-Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication, where applicableThese prices are for United States customers. Pricing in other countries may vary and actual charges may be converted to your local currency depending on the country of residence.We are nursing professionals, not a publishing company. We are here for you and love talking with students at each step of the journey to becoming a nurse. Please contact us if you have any questions, suggestions or comments about our pre-nursing school study guide: nursing@hltcorp.com or call 319-237-7162.*Higher Learning Technologies is an independent test preparation company and is not associated with Assessment Technologies Institute (ATI). All names and trademarks are the property of their respective owners.Privacy Policy - http://builtbyhlt.com/privacyTerms of Conditions - http://builtbyhlt.com/EULA"

"The GTB forearm tests application is an essential reference tool for measurements of forearm torque, grip- and lifting strength.It is intended for researchers and medical professionals, such as surgeons or therapists, who treat upper extremity disorders.The aim of this application is to facilitate and improve objective assessments of wrist- and upper extremity disorders.The GTB forearm tests application provides:+ information about measuring techniques including videos+ presentation of expected normal average values based on gender, age and height+ ability to store measurements from different patients or occasions+ automatic comparisons with reference values+ a switch for instant change between SI and US force units"

"Siemens Healthineers drugs-of-abuse cross-reactivity app helps you quickly access information on drug interactions and assess the potential for cross-reactivity and false-positive results."

"Doctor CRM  manage appointments, patients and reports effectivelyDoctor CRM is an application designed for doctors. It is an organizational tool that allows doctors to have an overview on their planning, keep track of their appointments, access their health records, no matter where they are.The app provides doctors with a way to be more effective and efficient. features:- Effectively manage your business contacts (colleagues, patients and medical sales representatives, institutions such as hospitals and clinics) and personal contacts from your tablet- Have visibility into your daily schedule, weekly and monthly- Keep track of your appointments- Enter your patient visit report directly on your tablet- Export your contacts to PDF, CSV and Excel formats"

"Vax-on-Time has been developed by the Victorian Department of Health and Human Services to help remind parents and carers in Victoria (Australia) when immunisations for their children are due.Receive reminder notifications leading up to when your child is due for their vaccinations. Search for a local an immunisation provider, call and make an appointment for vaccinations or find out when immunisation sessions are being run by your local council. The app will also help you add an appointment to your devices calendar.  Learn more by following the links to links to quality-assured information from the Better Health Channel about immunisation."

"At Hello Doctor, its all about health, and its all about you. Hello Doctor gives you instant access to doctors, anytime, anywhere, through your mobile phone. Text or talk to a registered medical doctor for free, and receive customised daily health advice at the touch of a button. Conversations with our doctors are completely private and confidential.You can also now get access to other experts if the benefit is activated by your provider.Hello Doctor is exclusively available to clients of MMI and its partners.If youd like to get Hello Doctors suite of services as a benefit for your organisation, go to www.hellodoctor.co.za/MMI for more information."

"A Patient Centric 24/7 Connected Health Model to improve Healthcare Outcomes through Technology for Education, Engagement, Empowerment, Monitoring & Treatment of patients virtuallyThe objective is the wellness & treatment through tools such as telemedicine, webinars, devices etc. in order to educate, empower, influence, monitor & treat the patients.This project is aimed for various specialties patients such as pregnant mothers with hypertension, pregnant mothers with gestational diabetes, cardiac patients & others too.The outcomes this project wants to achieve are multiple including better nutrition of the patient, prevention of diseases & illness, better quality of life, satisfied & empowered patient, good behavior & attitude change, better compliances."

"The official app for RiverPark Family Dental (formerly Edgewood Dentistry) in Greenfield Wisconsin. In this app you will find maps of the locations for the offices and you will be able to call the office from the app or request an appointment by email. This app will also have updates with important information for our patients."

"We know youre busy and need information, fast. Joule makes it easier for you to be at your best no matter where you are: working, studying, commuting. Doesnt matter. Access the best evidence to support your clinical decision-making. Sign up for an accredited course to develop your skills as a physician leader. Apply for a grant to advance your health care innovation. Take advantage of every opportunity Joule has to offer, right from your smartphone. Take Joule with you, wherever you go.CMA members get fast access to Joule products and services like:1. Innovation  Apply for a Joule Innovation Grant or enter a Joule Innovation Challenge via the Joule challenge platform.2. Learning  Extend your knowledge with a course or by reading a leadership tip. Not sure what course you need? There is a course selection tool for that, exclusive to the Joule app.3. Clinical  Access resources to take your clinical expertise to the next level: DynaMed Plus - point of care summaries covering 5000+ topics. Clinical Key - clinical support, patient education and more across 30+ specialties. CPS Online and on the RxTx app - bilingual Canadian drug information. POEMS - daily email summaries of the latest clinical studies. Ask a Librarian - expert literature searches and training. And more**please note: you must be a CMA member and have a cma.ca account to log into the Joule app**"

"LIFELINE 16-911 is a mobile application you can use for emergencies.A quick response tool for both life and non-life threatening emergencies, with just a press of a button you can send a distress signal to LIFELINE 16-911 Command Center. The LIFELINE Command Center will find the available emergency units within your area for assistance, with over 40 ambulances with multiple points of dispatch.You can gain access to LIFELINE 16-911 Services such as:-  Emergency Quick Response-  Inter facility Transfers-  Ambulance Standbys-  Medical Airlifts-  D.O.C. Programsand other benefits.LIFELINE 16-911 Mobile Application Main Features:* GPS TRACKING    GPS tracking of your location anywhere in the Philippines. Just open the application,     press the button and Lifeline will do the rest.* PAYMENT FOR SERVICES    You can pay the service you availed through the application, again, just like in our     Lifeline Membership web page.* APPLY FOR MEMBERSHIP    You can apply for individual or household membership just like in our Lifeline     Membership web page.* STATUS AND TRANSACTIONS    You can check the status of your membership and the details of your previous     transactions.Download the app and join LIFELINE 16-911 today.For more details please visit LIFELINE website: http://www.lifeline.com.ph/services/"

"\"The Modus Health Card is a discount medical services platform comprised of some of Croatia's top medical clinics - from gynecological to pediatric, from dental to optical polyclinics, and more. Modus Health Card also includes discounts with supporting services such as hotels and spas, pharmacies, and taxi providers who can drive patients to and from their appointments, at a discounted rate. Visiting Croatia soon? Make sure to buy your Modus Health Card beforehand, or get one during your visit. By purchasing a \"\"tourist pass\"\" card (valid for one month), customers are able to utilize discounts from 10-40% on specialized private health care in the Modus network, numbering over 150 locations in Croatia. The platform is available via our smartphone app which can be downloaded free, while your activation code can be purchased online on our web site. The app provides info on the closest medical treatment facilities or pharmacy in your geo location via GPS locator, and is extremely practical and easy to use. Don't have a smartphone? You can purchase a conventional card as well. We'll ship it to you, or have it waiting for you at whatever location you choose, upon your arrival to Croatia.If you need help with travel or accommodations, just let us know how we can help you.\""

